Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
THIS MOVIE IS INSPIRED
BY HISTORICAL ANECDOTES.
PEOPLE. PLACES. AND EPOCHS.
THE EVENTS DEPICTED IN THIS MOVIE
ARE FICTITIOUS.
LUANG AWUTWISET
MRT BLUE LINE
TO THA PHRA - BANG WA - PHASI CHAROEN
I'M WAITING AT YOUR HOUSE.
JUST A SECOND.
I'M GETTING OFF FROM THE MRT.
IF YOU'RE NOT HERE IN 10 MINUTES.
I'M LEAVING.
HOLD ON. I'LL GIVE YOU A DISCOUNT
ON ANY PIECE YOU LIKE.
Has this house been sold already?
Yes.
I didn't get a good price for it.
But I don't know why I'd keep it.
But this one. Noon.
It's the gun of Luang Awutwiset.
My family heirloom.
From Rama III era.
He was the owner
of Thailand's first department store.
Here. Take a look at this.
Noon.
Do you see this wooden box in this photo?
It's the same one.
This is a picture of the grandparents
of my great-great-great grandma.
If you want it.
I'll throw in this picture too.
They're your ancestors.
Keep it to pay respects.
As for the gun…
LUANG AWUTWISET
I'll give you 500.000.
Well. that sounds okay. but…
let me go talk with my mom first.
She's really possessive of it.
Tell your mom I can go up to 600.000.
650.000 then.
MRS. LEELAWADEE HUNTRAKUL
Mom.
I know the gun has a long history.
But. he really is giving
a great price. Mom.
It's enough to buy a car.
But. if you're not okay.
then send me a signal.
Whether it be a strong wind. thunder.
or make something fall.
You're okay with it?
Well…
I'm going to sell it then.
What?
Come on.
Why?
What?
CHAO PHRAYA RIVER
PRAYURAWONGSAWAS PAGODA
TEMPLE OF THE DAWN
THE PRINCE'S THEATER
THE PRINCE'S PALACE
SUNTHORN PHU'S RESIDENCE
CITY WALL
THE ROYAL PALACE
EARLY RATTANAKOSIN ERA
ASSUMPTION CHURCH
The newsletter stated this.
This means the Express
is close to arriving to Siam.
am I right. sir?
Sir.
I just bought this from a Chinese merchant
at the market.
Father Jean-Baptiste Pallegoix.
Could you please pay attention
to what I'm saying. sir?
Sure.
Come take a look at this. Miss Gaysorn.
What language is this?
It's not Khmer.
I'm not sure if it's Siamese.
Take a look. Can you read it or not?
They're Siamese characters. sir.
But it's written in a strange manner.
"My name is Ketsurang."
"I'm a fourth-year archeology student."
"I'm a bit on the plus-size kind of girl."
"And in the year of 2018 C.E..
I traveled back in time…"
"I'm now in the body of Lady Karaket.
the most beautiful…
just like Miss Grand…
Ayutthaya!"
"Ayutthaya…"
Must mean the city Ayutthaya.
But. "traveled back in time…"
What does this mean. sir?
"Darn. Freaking cool."
"Dej got promoted
to Khun Sriwisarnwaja."
This journal is very interesting indeed.
Will you please study it
and tell me about it later?
Yes. sir.
Dej!
Karaket. my love.
Are thou secretly writing about me?
This is my personal journal.
You aren't allowed to read it.
No!
Bhop.
Are you awake yet. son?
Not yet. Mother.
Then who is it that is answering me?
I think it's time for you
to meet your fiancée.
You've been stalling for years.
You have never seen her in person.
Do you remember?
Your father had tied your lifeline
with Gaysorn's.
If you both marry each other.
your lives will continue on.
But if not…
Either you or Gaysorn will die.
The lifeline will be cut.
If it is you who were to die.
then how could I continue to live?
I intended to go meet
my betrothed today anyway.
CHIEF SOMBATBORDI'S RESIDENCE
POLICE COLONEL'S RESIDENCE
Chief Sombatbordi.
You should have sent word
that you were coming.
Today. Gaysorn isn't at home.
She's gone to study at the church
since the early morning.
It's a pity
that the two of you have not met yet.
That's all right. sir.
I'm here to meet with you. actually.
Four years ago.
my parents and you
verbally betrothed Gaysorn and I
to each other.
However. I was engaged with work.
I had to build the main temple
at Prib Pri city.
When I came back to the capital.
I had to construct the pagoda
at Prayun Temple.
Thus I never had the chance
to meet with Gaysorn.
I…
would like to ask to…
break off our engagement.
I don't find it amusing. Pi.
Next time I'll take you to see
something more amusing.
What is it. miss?
A steamboat from England.
It's made entirely of steel.
but it floats in water.
Miss.
Any ship is the same.
Let's watch the play.
This Prince's royal performing ensemble
is the best ensemble in the capital. miss.
How can you like this?
Phra Aphai Mani is ever the ladies' man.
If I wrote the story.
I'd have the giantess eat him.
Will you please be quiet?
I can't understand what's going on.
Who is it?
Just some man.
He's good-looking.
but his brows are knitted together.
He seems to be a regular here. miss.
Tell him to cover his ears.
Cover your ears. sir.
Tell the person next to you
to cover her mouth.
How rude.
People are watching the show.
Let's go home. Pi.
I've got chills.
Yes. miss.
What is thy name?
Who are thy parents?
Where is thy residence?
Why are you using the word "thy"?
You sound so ancient.
Then by what name shall I call thee?
I haven't learned thy name yet.
My name is Viola.
My sister's name is Fiddle.
Our mother's name is Violin.
Our father's name is Cello.
We're a string ensemble.
You two are good at fiddling around.
And for what reason is thy sister
dressed as a helper?
My sister likes to disguise herself.
That's right.
Or else we won't be able
to leave the house.
Men are waiting to kidnap me
as I am quite the beauty.
Then thou must not have disguised thyself.
Seeing as thou art as beautiful
as the sunset.
Let me tell you something
for your own good.
My lady is already betrothed.
He's a Chief-ranking official.
Is he Mis-Chief or Handker-Chief?
Chief Sombatbordi.
Thou art Gaysorn?
The daughter of the Police Colonel?
How do you know?
I am…
Chief Sombatbordi.
You're my fiancé?
Yes.
This morning I just went to thy house.
Did you arrange
for the wedding day already?
I went to…
…break off our engagement.
How could you say such a thing?
If you do not wed
and if Gaysorn's lifeline is cut off.
who will be responsible?
I will not allow you
to break off the engagement.
I will not allow it. no matter what!
But I want to.
At first. I also wanted to.
But…
…I have my eye on someone else. sir.
Even if I must die.
I really am not able to wed Gaysorn.
I despise men
who do not keep their promises.
You must be hiding mistresses away
in the other cities.
It's good that my daughter
will not have you as her husband!
Madam.
You say such things about my son…
And what about your daughter?
What woman
dresses up and styles her hair
in such a peculiar way?
Why does she not wear her hair
like the other women?
All she does is study foreign subjects.
Such a peculiar woman as her
is not wife material.
That's why you tied her fortune
with my son!
Then you best mind the life of your son.
Who knows when his time will come?
It's your daughter who must be careful.
I'll be waiting to see whose child
will be the first to go!
Hey! Just tell me if the engagement
is broken off or not?
That's enough.
If you want to break off the engagement.
then do so.
Don't you ever show your face
around here again.
Don't even dare to row your boat
past my pier!
Please tell me that thou art Viola.
The daughter of Cello.
You've been building temples
for many years.
yet you don't have enough blessings.
Oh. destiny…
Why are you so mean to me?
My destiny must be like Usaren.
whom Pra Aphai Mani stole his fiancé
away from him.
It's not the same.
How so?
Usaren had his fiancé taken from him.
but you're just a plain fool.
You broke up with her first.
Uncle Phu. you wrote this story.
Then you can change the ending.
Make Usaren reunite with Suwanmali.
Rewrite it now.
So the dancers can rehearse the new dance.
If I changed it.
people would burn down my house.
This is Phra Aphai Mani's story.
The protagonist has to win it all.
What now?
Uncle. you just went treasure hunting.
Did you get any magical items
that can help me
get re-engaged to Gaysorn?
Well…
You know everything.
Take your pick then.
Every piece is sacred and magical.
No. This one you can't have.
It's off limits.
This is the Krishna-Kali scripture.
According to ancient records.
it's used to put curses on people
who think and does evil.
If they are cursed using these chants.
they will die.
Uncle Phu.
Is there any magical item
that will turn back time?
I want to go back to four years ago.
And I would not go anywhere else.
I would rush to see Gaysorn quickly.
All right.
There's only one way.
You need to use this.
My nipple?
Your heart!
Goodness.
Be careful. miss.
Chuen. row as fast as you can.
Yes. miss.
You can go home first.
Yes. sir.
I'm going to the church.
Pi.
What shall I do to not see
this smiling face again?
He hovers around just like a fly.
Miss.
Let's do this.
We have to make the Chief see
that you are a wicked person.
Self-centered. unpredictable.
fussy. and bossy.
Wait.
Is this a plan or your inner thoughts?
Oh. miss. the Chief is looking at us.
You have to slap me. miss.
Let him see that you slap your help
for no reason.
What?
Quickly. Just slap me.
I can't do that.
I love you just like a sister.
Miss! Slap me.
You want that Smiley as your…
Pi.
He didn't see it.
Slap me again.
I think we should change the method.
Slap now!
Miss. slapping isn't enough.
You have to scold me really badly
and very loudly for the Chief to hear.
I can't. I think it's enough.
If it's going to be this tough.
it'd be better to just be honest with him.
Just scold me!
Spew out any curses.
The Chief must hate and fear you.
I can't do it!
You have to!
You must…
Pi. you!
-Chief. He is watching…
-Chucklehead!
Ratbag!
You wench!
Pi.
Did the Chief see it?
I think he did. miss.
Dost thou study here?
You fool!
Take this artifact away.
I'm going to go study!
Buffoon!
Do you want to change sides?
The same side is better.
Leave the other one
for me to chew. please.
-You!
-I know thou art pretending.
Sir.
Where is the chest
that keeps the Lady's journal?
I'm going to continue studying.
This man is your destiny. Am I right?
The fiancé you wish to never meet.
What?
Dej-ti-ny?
Sir.
The chest. please.
I heard that you have built many temples.
Oh. yes. sir.
Sir.
May I have the key to the chest. please?
Key?
Oh. the key.
I guess I forgot it in my room.
I better go get it.
Art thou mad
that I broke off our engagement?
Stop calling me thou.
Who uses that word anymore? So strange.
Oh. if thou dost not want me
to call thee thou.
what dost thou want me to call thee then?
Dost thou know?
I have dreamed of thee for so many years.
We are absolutely destined to be together.
Had I known
that thou were betrothed to me.
I would not have ever
broken off the engagement.
Dost thou loathe me
to the point thou
will not turn to look at me?
I'm not mad that you
broke off the engagement
because I never wanted
to be engaged to you.
I used our engagement as an excuse
to continue my studies here.
Pallegoix has been kind enough
to teach me.
I hadn't planned to study for long.
But now I can speak English well.
Four years! Where have you been?
Is it that you're plain rude
or do you disdain me?
Which is why you never came to meet me?
Oh. no. I apologize.
I'm sorry for letting thee wait so long.
May I ask for us to be engaged once more?
Do you believe
we are destined to be together?
If so. could you wait?
Of course.
No matter how long. I will wait.
Wait until our next life then.
THE BRITISH FACTORY
ROYAL TREASURY PIER
Miss.
Take it easy.
If you fall into the water.
it'll be a big mess.
Pi. hurry.
Rumor has it that angels built it.
so this iron ship can float in water.
A monk's alms bowl
can also float in water.
You're so gullible.
The ship is enormous.
just as rumored. Mr. Hunter.
The bill of sale.
Wasn't the price you gave at first
at 50.000 dollars?
Why has the price increased to 67.000?
The ship was stranded
in a storm in Singapore.
Minister of the Royal Treasury.
Therefore. it had to use more coal.
I didn't raise the price
without any reason.
Siam ordered this steamboat
to wage war with Cochinchina.
But now the war is nearing an end.
This iron ship of yours is…
beautiful…
Absolutely beautiful.
Chief Sombatbordi.
Go wash your face to sober up.
And quickly inspect the steamboat now.
Yes. sir.
Mr. Hunter.
Let's go talk inside.
Miss!
Are you all right?
Are you hurt?
My goodness. How did this happen?
Be careful. Come. miss.
Are you all right?
I'm not hurt…
Hey!
Are you in pain?
No.
But I'm afraid of blood.
What to do?
Let me do it. miss.
Here.
Darn. Freakin' cool.
DARN. FREAKIN' COOL.
Here.
Let me help you.
Oh. dear.
You are all sweaty
as if you lost your hand.
Let's get up. miss.
Let's go. You got all dirty.
Are you all right?
Is this yours?
Oh. yes.
Thank you for picking it up for me.
Who are you?
Why did you bring a pistol here?
Chief.
You're not the police.
You don't have the authority
to arrest anyone.
Let him go right now.
But this is the Royal Treasury's area.
I have the authority to interrogate
strangers who bring in a weapon.
What is your relation to Gaysorn?
Why were you smiling so sweetly
at each other?
Chief!
You're not my fiancé anymore.
Don't act like this.
If you're going to interrogate him.
do it now.
"Luang Awutwiset."
That's the title given to Mr. Hunter.
This pistol isn't yours.
My name is Mathus.
I've been working at
Hunter's British Factory for three years.
Don't you lie to me.
Someone with your looks.
could work with Westerners?
What did he say?
He's Hunter's assistant.
He's good at what he does.
Hunter gave him the gun as a present.
This is a royal gift bestowed by the King.
There's no way Hunter would give it away.
You stole it. didn't you?
What?
Chief!
What is this?
Did you smuggle it over the border?
These are called sunglasses.
Hard material as such must be a weapon
for throwing at people. correct?
No.
It's not a weapon.
It's a mobile phone.
"Mobile phone"?
I'm not a thief.
It's my duty to inspect
the steamboat today.
All right. I will let you go.
But I will keep all of these things
to ask Mr. Hunter about them first.
But the pistol is broken…
Do you want to leave
or go to prison with this pistol of yours?
Go.
Move.
Hello. Ma'am.
Wow!
It smells so nice and looks so good.
What curry did you cook?
"Wary" curry.
Beef "wary" curry.
Mother asked me to come and apologize
to you for saying things
she shouldn't have.
I also have something that's hard to find.
It's grape juice from abroad. ma'am.
It strangely burns my throat.
Are you sure this is grape juice?
Ma'am.
But it has medicinal benefits.
Ever since Mother drank this grape juice.
when the night falls.
Father has not gotten any sleep.
Can I have another glass?
Sure. ma'am.
Refreshing.
Ma'am.
I won't have any.
Just a little.
To boost your blood circulation
and have the strength
to rock the boat all night long.
What?
Have you come back already?
Bhop. my dear son.
Bhop. my dear master-to-be.
Where is your lady?
Yes!
I've been looking for you!
What art thou looking for?
The pistol. of course.
Don't stare at me. I won't be swayed.
Move back.
Shoot me.
So I can die
and I will wait for thee in the next life.
I'm the Police Colonel's daughter.
Don't think I won't dare.
I know that thou dare to.
But. it doesn't have any bullets.
That's my pistol.
CHIEF SOMBATBORDI
That person with the strange name
told thee to steal the pistol back?
Thou art quiet.
This means thou admit.
I will tell the police to arrest
that guy with the strange name.
His name…
I want the pistol you took from the man
whose name is Mathus…
Mathus!
To trade with something.
Just tell us the truth.
And he will return everything to you.
I saw the word "mobile phone"
in Lady Karaket's journal.
which was written in King Narai's time.
"Let me complain a bit."
"I really miss Mom and Grandma."
"It'd be great
if I had my mobile phone here."
Lady Karaket called this journal
Records of Ket's Krungsri.
She wrote the records
for the next generation
to know what will happen to our country.
Did she write what year she came from?
2018 C.E.
I'm from 2021.
which is 177 years from now.
This pistol took me back in time here.
I was surprised and flipped out.
I asked locals where the MRT was.
They must have thought I was a foreigner.
so they took me
to Hunter's British Factory.
When Lady Sap.
Mr. Hunter's wife
found out I could speak English.
she put me to work at the store.
I usually sold things online in my time.
Oh. in simple words.
I was kind of a merchant.
so it's not hard for me.
Shortly. Mr. Hunter entrusted me…
to become his right-hand man.
What?
Oh. I mean…
I was promoted to his assistant.
overseeing the sales for him sometimes.
I then realized
that I came back
to the time of my ancestors.
My family name is Huntrakul.
Well…
it's likely to originate from Hunter.
Family name?
Is it like Westerners' surname?
Let's say you married me.
Your full name would be Gaysorn Huntrakul.
Hey!
You can't say such things.
It's not proper.
All right then.
Let's say you were my son.
Your name would be
Bhop Huntrakul.
Gosh!
There's no way I will ever be your child.
So?
Why are you wasting your time
smelling the flowers here?
Why don't you go back
to where you came from?
I've tried doing so.
For the past three years.
I haven't told anyone
about traveling back in time.
I fired the pistol at Prayun Temple
so many times…
without any success.
Because there's one thing
that isn't the same.
The solar eclipse.
Rahu swallowing the sun?
Oh. yes.
Rahu swallowing the sun.
But…
I don't know when Rahu
will swallow the sun again.
So I carry the pistol
around with me everyday.
If there was Google. it'd be great.
Goo…
What?
It's a guru of everything.
It will answer all your questions.
I know someone
who has answers to everything.
Another two…
Two days?
Two months.
Another two months.
Rahu will swallow the sun.
What?
Oh. but Rahu will swallow the sun
just for a short moment.
If you miss this chance.
I can't tell you
when there will be another one.
I have an idea.
Before Mathus returns home.
sir.
may I have permission
to let Mathus read it?
Mathus can read the words
in this journal fluently.
"Now we're in Rama III era."
"It's the golden age of foreign trade."
"Especially trade with the Chinese."
"Lots of money was earned
by the Royal Treasury."
"This is called the Red Purse Money."
This is very interesting.
Let me take a look.
Oh. okay.
Oh. a girl with glasses.
So beautiful.
Lady Karaket also has records
of Mr. Hunter.
Father Pallegoix is also in it.
"Pallegoix
who wrote the four-language dictionary…"
I don’t want to know about myself.
Oh. wait.
And I also think that you all
should not know about things
that haven't happened yet.
But Lady Karaket wanted us to know. sir.
She wrote the records for us.
Miss Gaysorn.
Return the key to me.
If you don't listen to me.
don't come to study with me anymore.
I prohibit you all
from studying this journal.
Miss Gaysorn. keep it in the cabinet.
Even if it's a bad event.
if it's God's will.
we have to let it happen.
THE PRINCE'S PALACE
No matter what.
I think we should buy the ship
from Mr. Hunter.
Who knows when the colonial troops
of the Westerners will arrive at Siam?
A number of their spies
are secretly disguised among us already.
Our naval fleet should have the ship
and the newest weaponry
to defend ourselves.
I must ask a favor from you.
Phra Surasawad.
the Royal Advisor to the Prince
whom he highly trusts.
to please advise the Prince
to see the advantages
of purchasing this ship.
I won't buy it.
When the Advisor and Minister of Treasury
proposed me to buy this ship.
I've doubted how an iron steamboat
can really float on water
and move on its own.
And your ship arriving so late… Who knows?
You might have modified junk
and towed it from England to Siam.
And now.
you have the nerve to raise the price.
I won't buy it…
Now the ship has arrived.
If you don't believe
the steamboat really can move on its own.
all you have to do
is go out and take a look for yourself!
I don't believe you.
And I'm not going out there to look.
And I…
won't buy your ship.
Let go of him. Khun.
You are fraudsters.
The Siamese are cheats.
They don't keep their promises.
I'm going to tell the British navy
to bring warships
to close off the Gulf of Siam.
Whoa!
Hold on. Mr. Hunter.
Get dressed properly first.
I have a solution
to dispel any doubts about
whether a ship made of steel
will float and move on its own or not.
I would like to ask for your permission
to board the ship
to study the design and structure
of the ship in detail
so that I can make a functioning miniature
and use it to prove to the Prince
where he can see it for himself.
Chief Sombatbordi is the best craftsman
of the Royal Treasury.
He has the expertise in mechanical engines
and chemistry.
Advisor. what are your thoughts?
I agree to this.
I hope you will be successful
in building a miniature steamboat
according to plan.
Yes. sir.
Imagine a crocodile coming from the right.
turn the steering wheel to the left.
But if it's coming from the left.
turn the steering wheel to the right.
I don't see
why there has to be a crocodile.
If I want to go left. I steer left.
If I want to go right. I steer right.
It's easier to understand.
Let me try.
It's heavy.
It's hard for you.
Mathus.
I want to look at the steam engine.
Can you take me to see it?
What's wrong with him?
What is this table?
Is it to calculate the ship's route?
It's a game called tic-tac-toe.
The captain must have been bored.
so he played it to pass the time.
And the two T's.
what does it mean?
I REALLY MISS MOM AND GRANDMA.
Oh. it's a symbol.
It's like a crying face.
Hey.
Ouch!
It's just a cramp.
Bear with it.
Hey.
Can I ask you a question?
What are your intentions with Gaysorn?
Don't lie.
Well…
I like her.
She's someone I want to go out with.
Someone you want to go out with?
What does that mean?
In my era.
it's normal for men and women to hang out.
You don't have to overthink things.
Miss Gaysorn is a sweet person.
Anyone who meets her
would have to like her.
But I'm going to return home.
I won't court her.
Honestly. your method doesn't work.
Hey. how about this?
Wear these sunglasses first.
I guarantee
it'll make girls go crazy for you.
ASSUMPTION CHURCH
WORKSHOP
You go over there.
When you are working on the miniature ship
is the best time.
The first step is to bombard her
with "likes" to show your love.
What?
Do we need to use a bomb?
What can we use in this era
to express your love for her?
You used flowers
just like the 'heart' button in IG?
Wow.
Awesome!
It's more like awful.
An awful failure.
Come on.
Don't get discouraged.
Let's keep on going.
The second method is called
take care and take her heart.
Have some water. sir.
-Water…
-Art thou tired?
Let me pass it for thee.
Art thou tired?
Let me do it for thee.
Art thou tired? I'll turn it for thee.
Is this the page?
Or is it this one?
-Art thou tired?
-Will you please stop asking?
The next step is the most important.
This is the death step.
Because it's the way
you fade out to make her anxious.
I'm really tired of your funny wording.
You'll have to disappear
to make her worried.
And how can I disappear
when I have to build the ship here?
Let's just say do whatever you can.
Just don't let Gaysorn see your face.
Keep on rowing.
Yes. sir.
Doesn’t he come here
to build the miniature?
Right. miss.
Why is he passing by this way then?
When she hasn't seen your face
for a few days.
she will come to you and ask…
What's wrong. Chief?
I'm not free to talk right now.
I'm not free in the evening either.
I'm meeting with a friend at the market.
I'm not free to escort thee home either.
Oh. the friend is a girl.
I didn't know someone like you
had friends.
And a girl friend too.
Who is she?
I have someone I go-went-gone out with.
Just. "go out with."
But I haven't decided on anything yet.
It's not anything serious.
I've stopped believing in destiny already.
No wonder why you've been
acting strange lately.
So you've finally stopped
believing in destiny.
I'm happy for you. Chief.
Congrats.
Mathus.
Want some mangoes?
Your hand is dirty.
It's all right. I'll feed you.
Thanks. Gaysorn.
Mathus!
I will heat the boiler.
The steam will flow through the pipes
to the piston valves.
pressing them to move up and down.
rotating the axle
that is attached to the paddle.
And this is how the pressure used
to move the ship happens.
Why is the paddle moving so fast?
It's nothing.
My machine is just that powerful.
Watch out!
Are the two of you all right?
You don't have to get the doctor.
I can ask one of the helps
to dress my wound.
Hi.
The doctor is here.
It's gone in quite deep.
It will need to be stitched up.
Emelie.
Chief.
You don’t have to be afraid.
In my time. Dr. Bradley is very famous.
He's acclaimed
as the father of Thai printing.
And what does it have to do
with my treatment?
Doctor.
Your newspaper
is called Bangkok Recorder. right?
I've been looking for a name
for the newspaper.
Good
but. please stitch up the wound first.
If you fell the other way.
your butt wouldn't have been stabbed
like this.
It's good
that I…
covered you two.
If not the pole…
The pole might have stabbed you.
Instead of going home…
You might have been a ghost haunting
the church here.
Doctor.
Can you take it easy?
Just one more.
Oh. he's detailed.
You are unharmed.
And Gaysorn is safe.
It's my blessing.
You really are a rare item.
Rare…
Rare what?
Ouch!
Oh. he's pulling no punches.
Is it painful?
Bhop.
"Bhop."
Ouch!
Ouch.
Bhop.
What's wrong with your hands?
Does it hurt?
May I take a look?
Red ginger lily.
People in the old days said
it means unchanging love.
If it's the old saying.
then it might not be true now.
But at this moment.
thy cheeks are as red as the lily.
And your face
is now so big that the lily can't hide it.
They're flirting.
Art thou using
the "take care and take my heart" method
with me?
Oh. he just planted an entire tree.
This time it's orchids.
What does it mean?
It means
a man's blooming love
towards a woman who is dear to him.
but won't accept him yet.
Did people in the old days
clearly state that?
It is my own saying.
No one from the old days said it.
Chief is infatuated with you already.
If he has a taste of your dessert.
he'll be head over heels in love
as if he drinks a love potion.
I only know how to make this.
Take it.
Yes. miss.
Oh. really?
Is it too fast?
I think it's too late even.
I've wanted to marry Gaysorn
since we first met.
Don't be too obvious. miss.
Can I ask you something?
What makes you sure
Gaysorn is the right one?
I have
dreamed of her for over ten years.
I've only dreamed of her.
How could it not be?
So you like her
just because she reminds you of your ex?
It's not just that they look alike.
It's as if they're the same person!
If this is your answer.
I. as a bridesmaid.
won't allow this to pass.
I'd tell you to go daydreaming.
What book do you want me to translate?
I'm in a rush to go home.
It's already late.
There are some
Westerners' alphabet letters.
I can't read it.
I'd like for thou to translate it for me.
Kneel on one knee.
This magnolia garland…
I grew the plant
and made the garland myself.
I remember in our past life.
thou liked to tuck one behind thy hair.
Will thou marry me?
What is the reason
that you want to marry me?
If your answer is because
we're a destined couple.
you don't need to answer me.
That's not the only reason.
I just think that…
I…
I've been getting hurt lately.
It might be because
we haven't been married as promised.
I'm very worried that one day
the person who gets hurt is thee.
So if we weren't betrothed
because our lives depend on it.
if you had never dreamed of me.
if we were someone who had just met.
would you still want to marry me?
Will thou stop coming up
with things that aren't real?
Will you stop calling me thou?
I feel like you're talking
to someone else. not me.
What are you worried about. Chief?
The Prince will surely be satisfied
with the miniature ship you made.
I thought
you wouldn't be able to complete it.
But the miniature ship
is able to work perfectly.
Chief. you truly do have
the skills it takes.
I'm very impressed.
This being the situation.
shall I continue on
with purchasing the ship. sir?
If our Siamese engineers are so skilled.
they can make their own ship themselves.
I don't think there is any reason
to waste money on buying a ship
from the British at all.
Are you saying
that we won't buy the ship
from Mr. Hunter. sir?
What if he reports this
to the British Army?
Don't you use this to threaten me.
I'm not afraid of those Westerners.
THE BRITISH FACTORY
ROYAL TREASURY PIER
THE PRINCE'S PALACE
THE PRINCE'S THEATER
You're here. Pi?
Come in. I'm almost done reading my book.
Is Father Pallegoix here or not?
He's not in.
What business do you have?
There's something suspicious
about the steamboat.
I want to know if Lady Karaket
recorded this in her journal.
Bhop. I think we should ask
for Pallegoix's permission first.
He wouldn't allow it anyway.
I just want to take a quick look.
This is strange.
Pallegoix shouldn't have
taken the chest elsewhere.
Thou.
Bhop!
You can't be trusted.
Wait.
Hold on. Please listen to me first.
I just want to know something
from the Lady's journal.
Once Mr. Hunter found out
that Siam wouldn't buy the ship.
he was furious.
Just you wait!
If they don't buy my ship.
I'll sell it to their enemy.
Siam will lose to Cochinchina
because of this ship!
So. I'd like to know…
what will happen with the steamboat.
Well then. please let me take a look.
I think we should
let it take its own course.
just like Pallegoix said.
But…
How about this?
Let's take a vote.
Volt?
Vote.
How?
Do what I say.
Who thinks we should read the journal?
Raise your hand.
Next. who thinks we shouldn't read it?
All right. Open it.
Hey!
But I don't agree.
The principle of voting is you have
to respect the majority's decision.
And here. Chief and I. we have two votes.
You have only one.
Oh. this is how it works.
But if I still don't want you to read it.
what do I need to do?
You just accept it.
I found Hunter.
"Hunter brought the Express steamboat
to sell to Siam.
but Siam turned down the purchase."
"He then threatened
to sell the ship to Cochinchina.
which is Vietnam in the future."
"After that.
Hunter was exiled from the country."
Just a threat resulted in exile?
What else did the Lady say?
She…
What did you say?
The thunder was so loud
I couldn't hear you.
I said
that was all the Lady wrote about Hunter.
And did she write about the Prince?
The Prince?
Yesterday
I saw some smuggling going on with crates
being brought from Hunter's steamboat
and stored in the Prince's theater.
Even though these two hate each other.
Do you know anything about this?
I have no idea.
I have a way to get into the theater.
Mathus.
Could you look through
Mr. Hunter's office?
There might be evidence
that you could bring to me.
Do not worry.
Tomorrow when the sun is swallowed.
we'll send off Mathus together.
When will the person
from the theater bring the keys?
No one is coming.
We'll break in.
I'll take a look to see
if anyone is guarding that area.
Whoa.
It's pitch dark.
That's your windpipe.
Bhop.
Phu. what are you doing. sir?
I brought a performer
for the master to consider.
He's famous in Klang city.
The master asked him to try on the outfit.
But the room is locked.
I'm going to go get the key to unlock it.
Hold on.
Today is my shift to guard the store room.
Are you really a famous performer?
Show me.
Your moves are awkward.
How can the people of Klang like you?
What is that?
I don't think you're a performer.
Who is he. sir?
Phu. why did you hit me?
So this is it.
The magical windpipe
that makes people fall asleep.
Khun Yutthamat.
That's my butler.
He gave me a ride here.
He's trustworthy.
I already told you.
Do not bring anyone with you.
What's in the chest?
Let's open it.
It's just curtains for the backdrop.
I knew it. It's just all in your head.
With all these muskets.
the Prince and Hunter
are definitely planning a coup.
You.
What did you hear?
I didn't really hear anything.
Sir.
Why did you follow me then?
Who are you really? Tell me.
LUANG AWUTWISET
This pistol has been kept over a century
as a family heirloom.
I'm your descendant.
I came from the future.
I mean. I came from the time ahead.
What are you talking about?
Sir.
Don't follow the Prince's plan.
Otherwise. you'll be exiled from Siam.
The Prince and I planned for Siam
to turn down the deal in the first place.
I agreed to make the deal
because the Prince will make me
the Minister of the Royal Treasury.
overseeing all the trades in Siam.
Sir!
Don’t do this. sir!
Tomorrow. when I'm done with my business.
I will send you off to be a slave
in Singapore.
Sir!
I'm begging you.
I have to return home tomorrow!
Sir!
Go to bed first. miss.
The Chief will come soon.
I can't fall asleep.
Is this an ominous sign?
What sign. miss?
I couldn't hear you.
What's with the chair?
Are you tidying up the room?
Chief.
Let go.
I didn't see you coming.
Just what I thought.
Something bad happened.
Mr. Hunter locked me up
because I knew his secret.
What evidence did you find?
In the Lady Karaket's journal.
it said the reason Mr. Hunter was exiled
was because he put cannons
aboard the steamboat
and fired them at the city wall.
And now Mr. Hunter…
He's heading to the steamboat.
Didn't Chief come with you?
Mr. Hunter is preparing a coup.
They're planning to hand Siam
to the British
according to the order from the Prince.
You don't know this because I tore
the page out from the journal.
What is the reason
for hiding this from me?
I was afraid that if you knew.
you would arrest Mr. Hunter
even though he hasn't done anything yet.
You really are selfish.
You're just worried for your ancestor.
Have you forgotten
about the people of this country?
No wonder why the Prince
took the Minister of the Royal Treasury
and my father
away for urgent work at Pak Nam.
I'll go home to send an express horse
to tell Father to return quickly.
Gaysorn.
This is for you.
Miss.
TO MATHUS. WE WISH FOR YOUR HAPPINESS
IN 177 YEARS INTO THE FUTURE.
WE WILL MISS YOU.
Pi. give this letter to the express horse
and send it to Father.
Where are you going. miss?
Are you going after the Chief?
Don't worry about me.
Pi. go right now.
Miss. please don't go.
It's dangerous.
-Pi!
-Miss!
Quickly go now.
Your lifeline might be reaching its end.
No matter what. I can't let you go.
No!
-Let go of me!
-Please don't go. miss!
Pi!
Pi. I'm begging you.
Send this letter to Father right now.
Miss.
Stop. Mr. Hunter.
The Police Colonel is bringing
the soldiers and police here.
Stop what you're doing.
Miss.
What is the Police Colonel
going to arrest me for?
It just happens
that today is Captain Brown's birthday.
He's the captain of this steamboat.
According to our traditions.
we have to take the ship out
to fire a celebratory salute.
I know you're planning
to do some bad things.
-How did you get here?
-Who is there?
Help!
Help me.
Sir. what are you doing?
Aren't we just going to fire up
into the sky?
Aiming in that direction
is firing at the city wall.
That's right.
Won't we all lose our heads?
Not all of us.
Just you.
And your cronies.
You can sweet talk the Prince into buying…
I believe that if we purchase
this steamboat.
Siam will be a feared armed force
in the region.
…or not buying this steamboat.
The decision is yours to make.
The ship is not in an ideal state.
Siam has the capability
to build our own ship.
I don't think that we need
to buy the ship from those Westerners.
"Pao Hoo."
Pao Hoo! Pao Hoo.
Bhop.
Are you all right?
A moment ago. was I
cool?
Freakin' cool. Mr. Sailor!
But right now. please free me.
Thou and Mathus
quickly find a hiding place.
I’ll try to stall them
while we're waiting
for the troops to come.
In the time ahead.
will Siam be a colony under the British?
Never.
If so…
I will make your history
the same.
You really are a good ancestor.
Bhop.
What about Mr. Hunter?
Bhop. watch out!
Hey!
Mathus.
Run!
Wait.
Go after them!
You go in first. I'll stall them.
Don't worry.
Oops.
Damn. is that The Hulk?
SLOW
Crocodile is on the left.
steer the ship to the right.
The city wall is on the right.
turn the wheel to the left!
It's nothing.
I can take it.
The masseuse I know
has heavier elbows than you!
Wait. Chill. man.
Barn owl!
Help me.
Shoot. damn it!
Aim towards the city wall.
Don't miss it again.
Hold on. Take it easy.
Whoa!
What the hell is wrong with you guys?
My ears are about to burst!
Are you a British spy?
It takes
a lot of effort and time
to load the bullets.
Don't you get that?
What kind of ominous day is this?
Don't shoot!
It might take you forward in time.
I forgot the bullet.
Wherever this pistol will take thee.
I'm going with thee too.
Bhop!
Gaysorn!
Your lady is awake.
Bring some water for her
to get freshen up right now.
Yes. sir. Khun Sriwisarnwaja.
How art thou. my dear Karaket?
Thou were dead asleep.
THIS JOURNAL IS MADE AS A RECORD
OF EVENTS IN AYUTTHAYA ERA.
MY NAME IS KETSURANG.
I'M A FOURTH-YEAR ARCHEOLOGY STUDENT.
Thou have filled up all the pages
in thy journal. correct?
It's all right.
I'll have someone make new ones for thee.
just like this one.
Found them!
Gaysorn.
Do you hear me?
Gaysorn!
She's not breathing.
We have to give her CPR.
Put your right hand over your left.
Press into the middle
of her chest real hard.
Harder!
Gaysorn.
Next.
Pinch her nose
and blow air into her mouth twice.
Blow…
Blow air into her mouth by using my mouth?
I can't.
There's no time.
I'll do it then.
…if you had never dreamed of me.
if we were someone who had just met.
would you still want to marry me?
Gaysorn.
Bhop.
What a waste…
of the respect
and trust I had in you.
Why did you use my name
to start a coup?
All that I did was for you. sir.
Let's go.
In the name of Siam.
we need to arrest you.
Please do not resist.
That pistol probably took you here
for this reason.
But
I'm sorry that I lost your pistol.
God or other sacred beings
must have wanted the pistol here.
But the pistol couldn't come on its own.
So I had to come with it too.
You really are a good descendant.
The news from abroad states that
when Mr. Hunter was exiled.
he sold the steamboat to Cochinchina
for 67.000 dollars.
I know
that you all secretly read the journal.
But
I also know
the journal used to belong to you.
You keep it.
I probably won't read
Lady Karaket's journal anymore.
I'm determined to record
the events of the world
I am living in now.
In my own way.
I will record the events of Siam
in my own way as well.
This is how history is.
The same event.
different people recording.
different perspectives.
LUANG AWUTWISET
Mathus.
Mathus!
Pei.
Did Chief Sombatbordi come to our house?
Yes. but I chased him away.
He came to confess to me
that he has taken liberties with you.
He would like to take responsibility
and marry you.
What?
Oh. no.
Hi there!
Hey!
Miss.
May I hitch a ride on your boat?
Can you please row faster? I'm in a rush.
Miss.
Please let me.
Bhop!
Bhop.
Don't you
have any flowers for me today?
A kafferboom.
I collected from thy house.
Did you know?
People in the old days said
whoever smells the kafferboom
will remember their past life.
I know.
Which is why I've never given thee one.
That day I drowned. I dreamed and saw
that our past lives together was real.
I was Lady Karaket.
You were Khun Sriwisarnwaja.
All right.
Us two will leave now.
Do you believe what I said?
Whether I believe it or not.
it's not important anymore.
Because ever since I've met thee.
I've never dreamed of Lady Karaket again.
Because the person I think of is thee.
The person who I love in this life.
The photograph will be evidence
we can leave for our children
that the times we were together are real.
But the locals are saying
this box pulls souls into it.
How about I draw ten pictures of thee
to make up for it?
You don't have to be afraid.
If this box pulls souls into it…
I will go with you.
Stand still.
One. two. three.
My dej-ti-ny.
Right here. uncle.
I remember.
In my last life.
I buried it with my own hands.
An angel told me in my dream.
I wasn't worthy of protecting it.
It should be kept
underneath Ayutthaya soil.
For the future.
PUTTARN_PT
Miss Puttarn.
Will you come take a look over here?